# Religion
My religious beliefs and sentiments with a dash of speculative politics, anthropology, sociology, cognitive science, economics, literature, mathematics and physical sciences. 

## Currently
My view on God is based on the axiom that our cognition is limited to relativistic perceptions. We don't have an easy, tangible way to communicate to ourselves or to others about The Absolute i.e. God. 

I should start by furnishing the reason I am not a Christian (a person who worships Jesus Christ). The reason stems from my assiduous research into study of Christology that the Bible was translated by Arab merchants from Arameic to Greek around 100 AD and, later to Latin around 400 AD. During the subsequent years, the Arabs, particularly ones from Iraq and eastern Mediterranean were subjugated for their authentic knowledge about creationism and cosmology by European invaders who usurped Christianity for their military and political agendas. 

I feel that at this stage in human evolution every religious organization is embroiled in some form of bad-faith politics. For my personal life I have not needed a religious master or guide because I strongly feel that nature itself is the teacher of all teachers for every creature. And for me Islam is identical to the laws of nature - it is the very essence of cosmic nature embedded in each part of the universe. This is a perspective I have cultivated from my travels and research into the various scriptures and cultures I have had access to. 

I stick to the statement that uttering anything whatsoever about what God is or isn't is potentially blasphemous. To guard against such blasphemy I meditate on the topic of **"that which is not comparable to any, neither via similarity nor contrast."**
This form of meditation logically confirms to me the boundaries of my contemplation. However, it also confirms to me and confirms upon me the logical knowledge that Jesus is not God and that Christ is an event, not a person. 

My personal philosophies, presented here, have been fashioned and honed by my learnings from nature itself; I can attest to the axiomatic truth that there is no creature that is separable or independent of nature. And as a mortal creature within nature, I do not have a mortal master - a lord of any sorts that has any hint of mortality. Being mortal, I am not my master. Only that which is truly independent of life, death, nature, light, darkness, nothingness and the entire universe can be my God - the God that Jesus, Abraham and even Adam prayed to. 

I also believe that all beings have been given salvation by default because I believe that God couldn't possibly lose anything whatsoever by granting trasformative salvation and forgiveness to even the most wretched and heinous entity upon that entity's demise. However, even though receiving salvation from God might be guaranteed there seems to be no guarantee for a person or a group of persons to receive emancipation from another person or group of persons. This is why the Black Lives Matter movement is more important to me in a pragmatic sense than religious movements because it highlights the plight and struggle of all of us in our attempts to achieve emancipation whether we are black persons or not. All of us need emancipation as an essential and foundational building block of a healthy and productive life. By denying each other emancipation and equitable life with dignified livelihood, we are constantly demeaning the beauty of nature and of every creature within its glory. 

As such, I suplicate in every moment and in every form, to *Allah The Allmighty, The Everlasting, Most Generous and Most Compassionnate Lord of all that is and isn't as well as of all that can be and cannot be* that me and my kind be given refuge in every realm via the path of rectitude and correctness - along with faculties of courage, graciousness, honour and dignity - the timely protection against the causes and conditions of being forlorn, destitute, corrupted, entrapped or enraged. 
